[CAPI] remove legacy CAPI source code and document (#21916)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/bindings/c/README.md

 * [src](./src) contains the implementations of all C APIs.
 * [tests](./tests) contains all tests for OpenVINO C APIs. [Learn more](./docs/how_to_write_unit_test.md).

> > **NOTE**:  Using API 2.0 is strongly recommended. Legacy API (for C) has been removed from 2024.0. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**:  Legacy Inference Engine API (for C) has been removed from 2024.0. 
```
